WIP: update docs for new Protege version (#427)
OBOAcademy/obook: docs/lesson/contributing-to-obo-ontologies.md

Participants will need to have access to the following resources and tools prior to the training:

- **GitHub account** - register for a free GitHub account [here](https://github.com/join?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F&source=header-home)

> - **Protege** - Install the latest version of Protege, download it [here](https://protege.stanford.edu/)

Reviewer: I would recommend suggesting to download the latest version from the GitHub repository instead (https://github.com/protegeproject/protege-distribution/releases). The Protégé website at Stanford is not always updated quickly after a new release (right now, it still shows Protégé 5.6.1 as the latest version, even though 5.6.2 was released two months ago).

> - **Protege** - Install the latest version of Protege, download it [here](https://protege.stanford.edu/)

Author: ```suggestion
- **Protege** - Install the latest version of Protege, download it [from the GitHub repository here](https://github.com/protegeproject/protege-distribution/releases)
```
